---
page_title: "Data Source: fivetran_connectors"
---

# Data Source: fivetran_connectors

This data source returns list of connector objects.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "fivetran_connectors" "connector" {
    id = "anonymous_mystery"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `connectors` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connectors))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--connectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors`

Read-Only:

- `connected_by` (String) The unique identifier of the user who has created the connector in your account.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of the time the connector was created in your account.
- `daily_sync_time` (String) The optional parameter that defines the sync start time when the sync frequency is already set or being set by the current request to 1440. It can be specified in one hour increments starting from 00:00 to 23:00. If not specified, we will use [the baseline sync start time](https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/syncoverview#syncfrequencyandscheduling). This parameter has no effect on the [0 to 60 minutes offset](https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/syncoverview#syncstarttimesandoffsets) used to determine the actual sync start time.
- `data_delay_sensitivity` (String) The level of data delay notification threshold. Possible values: LOW, NORMAL, HIGH, CUSTOM. The default value NORMAL. CUSTOM is only available for customers using the Enterprise plan or above.
- `data_delay_threshold` (Number) Custom sync delay notification threshold in minutes. The default value is 0. This parameter is only used when data_delay_sensitivity set to CUSTOM.
- `failed_at` (String) The timestamp of the time the connector sync failed last time.
- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the Group (Destination) within the Fivetran system.
- `hybrid_deployment_agent_id` (String) The hybrid deployment agent ID that refers to the controller created for the group the connection belongs to. If the value is specified, the system will try to associate the connection with an existing agent.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the connector within the Fivetran system.
- `name` (String) The name used both as the connector's name within the Fivetran system and as the source schema's name within your destination.
- `networking_method` (String) Possible values: Directly, SshTunnel, ProxyAgent, PrivateLink.
- `pause_after_trial` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connector should be paused after the free trial period has ended.
- `paused` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connector is paused.
- `private_link_id` (String) The private link ID.
- `proxy_agent_id` (String) The proxy agent ID.
- `schedule_type` (String) The connector schedule configuration type. Supported values: auto, manual.
- `service` (String) The connector type id within the Fivetran system.
- `service_version` (String) The connector type version within the Fivetran system.
- `succeeded_at` (String) The timestamp of the time the connector sync succeeded last time.
- `sync_frequency` (Number) The connector sync frequency in minutes.