docs/data-sources/connection.md, before:

---
page_title: "Data Source: fivetran_connection"
---

# Data Source: fivetran_connection

This data source returns a connection object.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "fivetran_connection" "connection" {
    id = "anonymous_mystery"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the connection within the Fivetran system.

### Read-Only

- `connected_by` (String) The unique identifier of the user who has created the connection in your account.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of the time the connection was created in your account.
- `daily_sync_time` (String) The optional parameter that defines the sync start time when the sync frequency is already set or being set by the current request to 1440. It can be specified in one hour increments starting from 00:00 to 23:00. If not specified, we will use [the baseline sync start time](https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/syncoverview#syncfrequencyandscheduling). This parameter has no effect on the [0 to 60 minutes offset](https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/syncoverview#syncstarttimesandoffsets) used to determine the actual sync start time.
- `data_delay_sensitivity` (String) The level of data delay notification threshold. Possible values: LOW, NORMAL, HIGH, CUSTOM. The default value NORMAL. CUSTOM is only available for customers using the Enterprise plan or above.
- `data_delay_threshold` (Number) Custom sync delay notification threshold in minutes. The default value is 0. This parameter is only used when data_delay_sensitivity set to CUSTOM.
- `destination_schema` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--destination_schema))
- `failed_at` (String) The timestamp of the time the connection sync failed last time.
- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the Group (Destination) within the Fivetran system.
- `hybrid_deployment_agent_id` (String) The hybrid deployment agent ID that refers to the controller created for the group the connection belongs to. If the value is specified, the system will try to associate the connection with an existing agent.
- `name` (String) The name used both as the connection's name within the Fivetran system and as the source schema's name within your destination.
- `networking_method` (String) Possible values: Directly, SshTunnel, ProxyAgent.
- `pause_after_trial` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connection should be paused after the free trial period has ended.
- `paused` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connection is paused.
- `private_link_id` (String) The private link ID.
- `proxy_agent_id` (String) The proxy agent ID.
- `schedule_type` (String) The connection schedule configuration type. Supported values: auto, manual.
- `service` (String) The connector type id within the Fivetran system.
- `service_version` (String) The connector type version within the Fivetran system.
- `status` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))
- `succeeded_at` (String) The timestamp of the time the connection sync succeeded last time.
- `sync_frequency` (Number) The connection sync frequency in minutes.

<a id="nestedblock--destination_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_schema`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The connector schema name in destination. Has to be unique within the group (destination). Required for connector creation.
- `prefix` (String) The connector schema prefix has to be unique within the group (destination). Each replicated schema is prefixed with the provided value. Required for connector creation.
- `table` (String) The table name unique within the schema to which connector will sync the data. Required for connector creation.
- `table_group_name` (String) Table group name.


<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `is_historical_sync` (Boolean) The boolean specifying whether the connection should be triggered to re-sync all historical data. If you set this parameter to TRUE, the next scheduled sync will be historical. If the value is FALSE or not specified, the connection will not re-sync historical data. NOTE: When the value is TRUE, only the next scheduled sync will be historical, all subsequent ones will be incremental. This parameter is set to FALSE once the historical sync is completed.
- `setup_state` (String) The current setup state of the connection. The available values are: <br /> - incomplete - the setup config is incomplete, the setup tests never succeeded  `connected` - the connection is properly set up, `broken` - the connection setup config is broken.
- `sync_state` (String) The current sync state of the connection. The available values are: `scheduled` - the sync is waiting to be run, `syncing` - the sync is currently running, `paused` - the sync is currently paused, `rescheduled` - the sync is waiting until more API calls are available in the source service.
- `tasks` (Attributes Set) The collection of tasks for the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--tasks))
- `update_state` (String) The current data update state of the connection. The available values are: `on_schedule` - the sync is running smoothly, no delays, `delayed` - the data is delayed for a longer time than expected for the update.
- `warnings` (Attributes Set) The collection of warnings for the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--warnings))

<a id="nestedatt--status--tasks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.tasks`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) Task code.
- `message` (String) Task message.


<a id="nestedatt--status--warnings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.warnings`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) Warning code.
- `message` (String) Warning message.

Commit message:

Test pull request - connector -> connection in connections.md

docs/data-sources/connection.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source: fivetran_connection"
---

# Data Source: fivetran_connection

This data source returns a connection object.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "fivetran_connection" "connection" {
    id = "anonymous_mystery"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the connection within the Fivetran system.

### Read-Only

- `connected_by` (String) The unique identifier of the user who has created the connection in your account.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of the time the connection was created in your account.
- `daily_sync_time` (String) The optional parameter that defines the sync start time when the sync frequency is already set or being set by the current request to 1440. It can be specified in one hour increments starting from 00:00 to 23:00. If not specified, we will use [the baseline sync start time](https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/syncoverview#syncfrequencyandscheduling). This parameter has no effect on the [0 to 60 minutes offset](https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/syncoverview#syncstarttimesandoffsets) used to determine the actual sync start time.
- `data_delay_sensitivity` (String) The level of data delay notification threshold. Possible values: LOW, NORMAL, HIGH, CUSTOM. The default value NORMAL. CUSTOM is only available for customers using the Enterprise plan or above.
- `data_delay_threshold` (Number) Custom sync delay notification threshold in minutes. The default value is 0. This parameter is only used when data_delay_sensitivity set to CUSTOM.
- `destination_schema` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--destination_schema))
- `failed_at` (String) The timestamp of the time the connection sync failed last time.
- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the Group (Destination) within the Fivetran system.
- `hybrid_deployment_agent_id` (String) The hybrid deployment agent ID that refers to the controller created for the group the connection belongs to. If the value is specified, the system will try to associate the connection with an existing agent.
- `name` (String) The name used both as the connection's name within the Fivetran system and as the source schema's name within your destination.
- `networking_method` (String) Possible values: Directly, SshTunnel, ProxyAgent.
- `pause_after_trial` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connection should be paused after the free trial period has ended.
- `paused` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connection is paused.
- `private_link_id` (String) The private link ID.
- `proxy_agent_id` (String) The proxy agent ID.
- `schedule_type` (String) The connection schedule configuration type. Supported values: auto, manual.
- `service` (String) The connector type id within the Fivetran system.
- `service_version` (String) The connector type version within the Fivetran system.
- `status` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))
- `succeeded_at` (String) The timestamp of the time the connection sync succeeded last time.
- `sync_frequency` (Number) The connection sync frequency in minutes.

<a id="nestedblock--destination_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_schema`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The connection schema name in destination. Has to be unique within the group (destination). Required for connection creation.
- `prefix` (String) The connection schema prefix has to be unique within the group (destination). Each replicated schema is prefixed with the provided value. Required for connection creation.
- `table` (String) The table name unique within the schema to which connection will sync the data. Required for connectionTest  creation.
- `table_group_name` (String) Table group name.


<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `is_historical_sync` (Boolean) The boolean specifying whether the connection should be triggered to re-sync all historical data. If you set this parameter to TRUE, the next scheduled sync will be historical. If the value is FALSE or not specified, the connection will not re-sync historical data. NOTE: When the value is TRUE, only the next scheduled sync will be historical, all subsequent ones will be incremental. This parameter is set to FALSE once the historical sync is completed.
- `setup_state` (String) The current setup state of the connection. The available values are: <br /> - incomplete - the setup config is incomplete, the setup tests never succeeded  `connected` - the connection is properly set up, `broken` - the connection setup config is broken.
- `sync_state` (String) The current sync state of the connection. The available values are: `scheduled` - the sync is waiting to be run, `syncing` - the sync is currently running, `paused` - the sync is currently paused, `rescheduled` - the sync is waiting until more API calls are available in the source service.
- `tasks` (Attributes Set) The collection of tasks for the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--tasks))
- `update_state` (String) The current data update state of the connection. The available values are: `on_schedule` - the sync is running smoothly, no delays, `delayed` - the data is delayed for a longer time than expected for the update.
- `warnings` (Attributes Set) The collection of warnings for the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--warnings))

<a id="nestedatt--status--tasks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.tasks`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) Task code.
- `message` (String) Task message.


<a id="nestedatt--status--warnings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.warnings`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) Warning code.
- `message` (String) Warning message.
