---
page_title: "Data Source: fivetran_dbt_transformation"
---

# Data Source: fivetran_dbt_transformation

This data source returns a dbt Transformation object.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "fivetran_dbt_transformation" "transformation" {
    id = "transformation_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the dbt Transformation within the Fivetran system.

### Read-Only

- `connector_ids` (Set of String) Identifiers of related connectors.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of the dbt Transformation creation.
- `dbt_model_id` (String) The unique identifier for the dbt Model within the Fivetran system.
- `dbt_model_name` (String) Target dbt Model name.
- `dbt_project_id` (String) The unique identifier for the dbt Project within the Fivetran system.
- `model_ids` (Set of String) Identifiers of related models.
- `output_model_name` (String) The dbt Model name.
- `paused` (Boolean) The field indicating whether the transformation will be set into the paused state. By default, the value is false.
- `run_tests` (Boolean) The field indicating whether the tests have been configured for dbt Transformation. By default, the value is false.
- `schedule` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule))

<a id="nestedblock--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Read-Only:

- `days_of_week` (Set of String) The set of the days of the week the transformation should be launched on. The following values are supported: MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY, SUNDAY.
- `interval` (Number) The time interval in minutes between subsequent transformation runs.
- `schedule_type` (String) The type of the schedule to run the dbt Transformation on. The following values are supported: INTEGRATED, TIME_OF_DAY, INTERVAL. For INTEGRATED schedule type, interval and time_of_day values are ignored and only the days_of_week parameter values are taken into account (but may be empty or null). For TIME_OF_DAY schedule type, the interval parameter value is ignored and the time_of_day values is taken into account along with days_of_week value. For INTERVAL schedule type, time_of_day value is ignored and the interval parameter value is taken into account along with days_of_week value.
- `time_of_day` (String) The time of the day the transformation should be launched at. Supported values are: "00:00", "01:00", "02:00", "03:00", "04:00", "05:00", "06:00", "07:00", "08:00", "09:00", "10:00", "11:00", "12:00", "13:00", "14:00", "15:00", "16:00", "17:00", "18:00", "19:00", "20:00", "21:00", "22:00", "23:00"