---
page_title: "Data Source: fivetran_destinations"
---

# Data Source: fivetran_destinations

This data source returns list of destination objects.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "fivetran_destinations" "dest" {
    id = "anonymous_mystery"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `destinations` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--destinations))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destinations`

Read-Only:

- `daylight_saving_time_enabled` (Boolean) Shift my UTC offset with daylight savings time (US Only)
- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the Group within the Fivetran system.
- `hybrid_deployment_agent_id` (String) The hybrid deployment agent ID that refers to the controller created for the group the connection belongs to. If the value is specified, the system will try to associate the connection with an existing agent.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the destination within the Fivetran system.
- `networking_method` (String) Possible values: Directly, SshTunnel, ProxyAgent, PrivateLink.
- `private_link_id` (String) The private link ID.
- `proxy_agent_id` (String) The proxy agent ID.
- `region` (String) Data processing location. This is where Fivetran will operate and run computation on data.
- `service` (String) The destination type id within the Fivetran system.
- `setup_status` (String) Destination setup status.
- `time_zone_offset` (String) Determines the time zone for the Fivetran sync schedule.