---
page_title: "Data Source: fivetran_destination"
---

# Data Source: fivetran_destination

This data source returns a destination object.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "fivetran_destination" "dest" {
    id = "anonymous_mystery"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the destination within the Fivetran system

### Optional

- `config` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))

### Read-Only

- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the Group within the Fivetran system.
- `region` (String) Data processing location. This is where Fivetran will operate and run computation on data.
- `service` (String) The connector type name within the Fivetran system
- `setup_status` (String) Destination setup status
- `time_zone_offset` (String) Determines the time zone for the Fivetran sync schedule.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `auth` (String) The connector authorization settings. Check possible config formats in [create method](/openapi/reference/v1/operation/create_connector/)
- `auth_type` (String) Authentication type. Default value: `PASSWORD`.
- `bucket` (String) Customer bucket. If specified, your GCS bucket will be used to process the data instead of a Fivetran-managed bucket. The bucket must be present in the same location as the dataset location.
- `catalog` (String) Catalog name
- `cluster_id` (String) Cluster ID. Must be populated if `connection_type` is set to `SshTunnel` and `auth_type` is set to `IAM`.
- `cluster_region` (String) Cluster region. Must be populated if `connection_type` is set to `SshTunnel` and `auth_type` is set to `IAM`.
- `connection_type` (String) Connection method. Default value: `Directly`.
- `create_external_tables` (String) Whether to create external tables
- `data_set_location` (String) Data location. Datasets will reside in this location.
- `database` (String) Database name
- `external_location` (String) External location to store Delta tables. Default value: `""`  (null). By default, the external tables will reside in the `/{schema}/{table}` path, and if you specify an external location in the `{externalLocation}/{schema}/{table}` path.
- `fivetran_role_arn` (String) ARN of the role which you created with different required policy mentioned in our setup guide
- `host` (String) Server name
- `http_path` (String) HTTP path
- `is_private_key_encrypted` (String) Indicates that a private key is encrypted. The default value: `false`. The field can be specified if authentication type is `KEY_PAIR`.
- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) In case private key is encrypted, you are required to enter passphrase that was used to encrypt the private key. The field can be specified if authentication type is `KEY_PAIR`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Database user password
- `personal_access_token` (String, Sensitive) Personal access token
- `port` (Number) Server port number
- `prefix_path` (String) Prefix path of the bucket for which you have configured access policy. It is not required if access has been granted to entire Bucket in the access policy
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) Private access key.  The field should be specified if authentication type is `KEY_PAIR`.
- `project_id` (String) BigQuery project ID
- `region` (String) Region of your AWS S3 bucket
- `role` (String) The group role that you would like to assign this new user to. Supported group roles: ‘Destination Administrator‘, ‘Destination Reviewer‘, ‘Destination Analyst‘, ‘Connector Creator‘, or a custom destination role
- `role_arn` (String, Sensitive) Role ARN with Redshift permissions. Required if authentication type is `IAM`.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) Private key of the customer service account. If specified, your service account will be used to process the data instead of the Fivetran-managed service account.
- `server_host_name` (String) Server name
- `tunnel_host` (String) SSH server name. Must be populated if `connection_type` is set to `SshTunnel`.
- `tunnel_port` (String) SSH server port name. Must be populated if `connection_type` is set to `SshTunnel`.
- `tunnel_user` (String) SSH user name. Must be populated if `connection_type` is set to `SshTunnel`.
- `user` (String) Database user name

Read-Only:

- `public_key` (String) Public key to grant Fivetran SSH access to git repository.