---
page_title: "Data Source: fivetran_group_users"
---

# Data Source: fivetran_group_users

This data source returns a list of information about all users within a group in your Fivetran account.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "fivetran_group_users" "group_users" {
        id = "anonymous_mystery"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the user within the account.

### Optional

- `users` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--users))

<a id="nestedblock--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Required:

- `email` (String) The email address that the user has associated with their user profile.
- `role` (String) The group role that you would like to assign this new user to. Supported group roles: ‘Destination Administrator‘, ‘Destination Reviewer‘, ‘Destination Analyst‘, ‘Connector Creator‘, or a custom destination role

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp that the user created their Fivetran account
- `family_name` (String) The last name of the user.
- `given_name` (String) The first name of the user.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the user within the account.
- `invited` (Boolean) The field indicates whether the user has verified their email address in the account creation process.
- `logged_in_at` (String) The last time that the user has logged into their Fivetran account.
- `phone` (String) The phone number of the user.
- `picture` (String) The user's avatar as a URL link (for example, 'http://mycompany.com/avatars/john_white.png') or base64 data URI (for example, 'data:image/png;base64,aHR0cDovL215Y29tcGFueS5jb20vYXZhdGFycy9qb2huX3doaXRlLnBuZw==')
- `verified` (Boolean) The field indicates whether the user has verified their email address in the account creation process.