---
page_title: "Data Source: fivetran_private_link"
---

# Data Source: fivetran_private_link

This data source returns a private link object.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "fivetran_private_link" "private_link" {
    id = "private_link_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the private link within the Fivetran system.

### Optional

- `config` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))

### Read-Only

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider name.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time the membership was created.
- `created_by` (String) The unique identifier for the User within the Fivetran system.
- `name` (String) The private link name within the account. The name must start with a letter or underscore and can only contain letters, numbers, or underscores. Maximum size of name is 23 characters.
- `region` (String) Data processing location. This is where Fivetran will operate and run computation on data.
- `service` (String) Service type.
- `state` (String) The state of the private link.
- `state_summary` (String) The state of the private link.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `account_url` (String) The URL of your account.
- `aws_account_id` (String) The ID of your AWS account.
- `cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier.
- `connection_service_id` (String) The ID of your connection service.
- `connection_service_name` (String) The name of your connection service.
- `pls_id` (String) The ID of your Azure Private Link service.
- `private_connection_service_id` (String) The ID of your connection service.
- `private_dns_regions` (String) Private DNS Regions.
- `sub_resource_name` (String) The name of subresource.
- `vpce_id` (String) The ID of your Virtual Private Cloud Endpoint.
- `workspace_url` (String) The URL of your workspace.