---
page_title: "Data Source: fivetran_transformation_project"
---

# Data Source: fivetran_transformation_project

Returns transformation project details if a valid identifier was provided

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "fivetran_transformation_project" "test" {
	id = "id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the transformation Project within the Fivetran system.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of the transformation Project creation.
- `created_by_id` (String) The unique identifier for the User within the Fivetran system who created the dbt Project.
- `errors` (Set of String) List of environment variables defined as key-value pairs in the raw string format using = as a separator. The variable name should have the DBT_ prefix and can contain A-Z, 0-9, dash, underscore, or dot characters. Example: "DBT_VARIABLE=variable_value"
- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the group within the Fivetran system.
- `project_config` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project_config))
- `status` (String) Status of transformation Project (NOT_READY, READY, ERROR).
- `type` (String) Transformation project type.

<a id="nestedblock--project_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_config`

Read-Only:

- `dbt_version` (String) The version of transformation that should run the project
- `default_schema` (String) Default schema in destination. This production schema will contain your transformed data.
- `environment_vars` (Set of String) List of environment variables defined as key-value pairs in the raw string format using = as a separator. The variable name should have the DBT_ prefix and can contain A-Z, 0-9, dash, underscore, or dot characters. Example: "DBT_VARIABLE=variable_value"
- `folder_path` (String) Folder in Git repo with your transformation project
- `git_branch` (String) Git branch
- `git_remote_url` (String) Git remote URL with your transformation project
- `public_key` (String) Public key to grant Fivetran SSH access to git repository.
- `target_name` (String) Target name to set or override the value from the deployment.yaml
- `threads` (Number) The number of threads transformation will use (from 1 to 32). Make sure this value is compatible with your destination type. For example, Snowflake supports only 8 concurrent queries on an X-Small warehouse.