docs/resources/dbt_project.md, before:

---
page_title: "Resource: fivetran_dbt_project"
---

# Resource: fivetran_dbt_project

Resource is in ALPHA state.

This resource allows you to add, manage and delete dbt Projects in your account. 

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "fivetran_dbt_project" "project" {
    group_id = "group_id"
    dbt_version = "1.4.1"
    default_schema = "default_schema"
    target_name = "target_name"
    environment_vars = ["environment_var=value"]
    threads = 8
    type = "GIT"
    project_config {
        git_remote_url = "your_git_remote_url"
        git_branch = "main"
        folder_path = "/dbt/project/folder/path"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dbt_version` (String) The version of dbt that should run the project. We support the following versions: 0.18.0 - 0.18.2, 0.19.0 - 0.19.2, 0.20.0 - 0.20.2, 0.21.0 - 0.21.1, 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.3 - 1.0.9, 1.1.0 - 1.1.3, 1.2.0 - 1.2.4, 1.3.0 - 1.3.2, 1.4.1.
- `default_schema` (String) Default schema in destination. This production schema will contain your transformed data.
- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the group within the Fivetran system.
- `project_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Type specific dbt Project configuration parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project_config))

### Optional

- `environment_vars` (Set of String)
- `target_name` (String) Target name to set or override the value from the deployment.yaml
- `threads` (Number) The number of threads dbt will use (from 1 to 32). Make sure this value is compatible with your destination type. For example, Snowflake supports only 8 concurrent queries on an X-Small warehouse.
- `type` (String) Type of dbt Project. Currently only `GIT` supported. Empty value will be considered as default (GIT).

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of the dbt Project creation.
- `created_by_id` (String) The unique identifier for the User within the Fivetran system who created the dbt Project.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the dbt Project within the Fivetran system.
- `public_key` (String) Public key to grant Fivetran SSH access to git repository.

<a id="nestedblock--project_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_config`

Optional:

- `folder_path` (String) Folder in Git repo with your dbt project.
- `git_branch` (String) Git branch.
- `git_remote_url` (String) Git remote URL with your dbt project.

## Import

1. To import an existing `fivetran_dbt_project` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **Dbt Project ID** via API call `GET https://api.fivetran.com/v1/dbt/projects` to retrieve available projects.
2. Fetch project details for particular `project-id` using `GET https://api.fivetran.com/v1/dbt/projects/{project-id}` to ensure that this is the project you want to import.
3. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:

```hcl
resource "fivetran_dbt_project" "my_imported_fivetran_dbt_project" {

}
```

4. Run the `terraform import` command:

```
terraform import fivetran_dbt_project.my_imported_fivetran_dbt_project {Dbt Project ID}
```

4. Use the `terraform state show` command to get the values from the state:

```
terraform state show 'fivetran_dbt_project.my_imported_fivetran_dbt_project'
```

5. Copy the values and paste them to your `.tf` configuration.

Commit message:

Dbt Project Resource improvements (#201)
* Dbt Project Resource improvements

* fix tests

docs/resources/dbt_project.md, after:

---
page_title: "Resource: fivetran_dbt_project"
---

# Resource: fivetran_dbt_project

Resource is in ALPHA state.

This resource allows you to add, manage and delete dbt Projects in your account. 

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "fivetran_dbt_project" "project" {
    group_id = "group_id"
    dbt_version = "1.4.1"
    default_schema = "default_schema"
    target_name = "target_name"
    environment_vars = ["environment_var=value"]
    threads = 8
    type = "GIT"
    project_config {
        git_remote_url = "your_git_remote_url"
        git_branch = "main"
        folder_path = "/dbt/project/folder/path"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dbt_version` (String) The version of dbt that should run the project. We support the following versions: 0.18.0 - 0.18.2, 0.19.0 - 0.19.2, 0.20.0 - 0.20.2, 0.21.0 - 0.21.1, 1.0.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.3 - 1.0.9, 1.1.0 - 1.1.3, 1.2.0 - 1.2.4, 1.3.0 - 1.3.2, 1.4.1.
- `default_schema` (String) Default schema in destination. This production schema will contain your transformed data.
- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the group within the Fivetran system.
- `project_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Type specific dbt Project configuration parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project_config))

### Optional

- `ensure_readiness` (Boolean) Should resource wait for project to finish initialization.
- `environment_vars` (Set of String)
- `target_name` (String) Target name to set or override the value from the deployment.yaml
- `threads` (Number) The number of threads dbt will use (from 1 to 32). Make sure this value is compatible with your destination type. For example, Snowflake supports only 8 concurrent queries on an X-Small warehouse.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `type` (String) Type of dbt Project. Currently only `GIT` supported. Empty value will be considered as default (GIT).

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of the dbt Project creation.
- `created_by_id` (String) The unique identifier for the User within the Fivetran system who created the dbt Project.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the dbt Project within the Fivetran system.
- `models` (Block Set) The collection of dbt Models. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--models))
- `public_key` (String) Public key to grant Fivetran SSH access to git repository.
- `status` (String) Status of dbt Project (NOT_READY, READY, ERROR).

<a id="nestedblock--project_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_config`

Optional:

- `folder_path` (String) Folder in Git repo with your dbt project.
- `git_branch` (String) Git branch.
- `git_remote_url` (String) Git remote URL with your dbt project.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--models"></a>
### Nested Schema for `models`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the dbt Model within the Fivetran system.
- `model_name` (String) The dbt Model name.
- `scheduled` (Boolean) Boolean specifying whether the model is selected for execution.

## Import

1. To import an existing `fivetran_dbt_project` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **Dbt Project ID** via API call `GET https://api.fivetran.com/v1/dbt/projects` to retrieve available projects.
2. Fetch project details for particular `project-id` using `GET https://api.fivetran.com/v1/dbt/projects/{project-id}` to ensure that this is the project you want to import.
3. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:

```hcl
resource "fivetran_dbt_project" "my_imported_fivetran_dbt_project" {

}
```

4. Run the `terraform import` command:

```
terraform import fivetran_dbt_project.my_imported_fivetran_dbt_project {Dbt Project ID}
```

4. Use the `terraform state show` command to get the values from the state:

```
terraform state show 'fivetran_dbt_project.my_imported_fivetran_dbt_project'
```

5. Copy the values and paste them to your `.tf` configuration.
