---
page_title: "Resource: fivetran_dbt_transformation"
---

# Resource: fivetran_dbt_transformation

Resource is in ALPHA state.

This resource allows you to add, manage and delete dbt Transformations for existing dbt Model. 
To retrieve available dbt Models use this [Retrieve dbt Project models](https://fivetran.com/docs/rest-api/dbt-transformation-management#retrievedbtprojectmodels) endpoint.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "fivetran_dbt_transformation" "transformation" {
    dbt_model_id = "dbt_model_id"
    run_tests = "false"
    paused = "false"
    schedule {
        schedule_type = "TIME_OF_DAY"
        time_of_day = "12:00"
        days_of_week = ["MONDAY", "SATURDAY"]
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dbt_model_id` (String) The unique identifier for the dbt Model within the Fivetran system.
- `paused` (Boolean) The field indicating whether the transformation will be created in paused state. By default, the value is false.
- `run_tests` (Boolean) The field indicating whether the tests have been configured for dbt Transformation. By default, the value is false.
- `schedule` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) dbt Transformation schedule parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule))

### Read-Only

- `connector_ids` (Set of String) Identifiers of related connectors.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of the dbt Transformation creation.
- `dbt_project_id` (String) The unique identifier for the dbt Project within the Fivetran system.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `model_ids` (Set of String) Identifiers of related models.
- `output_model_name` (String) The dbt Model name.

<a id="nestedblock--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Required:

- `schedule_type` (String) The type of the schedule to run the dbt Transformation on. The following values are supported: INTEGRATED, TIME_OF_DAY, INTERVAL. For INTEGRATED schedule type, interval and time_of_day values are ignored and only the days_of_week parameter values are taken into account (but may be empty or null). For TIME_OF_DAY schedule type, the interval parameter value is ignored and the time_of_day values is taken into account along with days_of_week value. For INTERVAL schedule type, time_of_day value is ignored and the interval parameter value is taken into account along with days_of_week value.

Optional:

- `days_of_week` (Set of String) The set of the days of the week the transformation should be launched on. The following values are supported: MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY, SUNDAY.
- `interval` (Number) The time interval in minutes between subsequent transformation runs.
- `time_of_day` (String) The time of the day the transformation should be launched at. Supported values are: "00:00", "01:00", "02:00", "03:00", "04:00", "05:00", "06:00", "07:00", "08:00", "09:00", "10:00", "11:00", "12:00", "13:00", "14:00", "15:00", "16:00", "17:00", "18:00", "19:00", "20:00", "21:00", "22:00", "23:00"

## Import

1. To import an existing `fivetran_dbt_transformation` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **Transformation ID** on the transformation page in your Fivetran dashboard.
2. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:

```hcl
resource "fivetran_dbt_transformation" "my_imported_fivetran_dbt_transformation" {

}
```

3. Run the `terraform import` command:

```
terraform import fivetran_dbt_transformation.my_imported_fivetran_dbt_transformation {Transformation ID}
```

4. Use the `terraform state show` command to get the values from the state:

```
terraform state show 'fivetran_dbt_transformation.my_imported_fivetran_dbt_transformation'
```

5. Copy the values and paste them to your `.tf` configuration.