---
page_title: "Resource: fivetran_external_logging"
---

# Resource: fivetran_external_logging

This resource allows you to create, update, and delete logging service.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "fivetran_external_logging" "extlog" {
    group_id = fivetran_group.group.id
    service = "azure_monitor_log"
    enabled = "true"
    run_setup_tests = "true"

    config {
        workspace_id = "workspace_id"
        primary_key = "PASSWORD"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the log service within the Fivetran system.
- `service` (String) The name for the log service type within the Fivetran system. We support the following log services: azure_monitor_log, cloudwatch, datadog_log, new_relic_log, splunkLog, stackdriver.

### Optional

- `config` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) The boolean value specifying whether the log service is enabled.
- `run_setup_tests` (Boolean) Specifies whether the setup tests should be run automatically. The default value is TRUE.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the log service within the Fivetran system.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key
- `channel` (String) Channel
- `enable_ssl` (Boolean) Enable SSL
- `external_id` (String) external_id
- `host` (String) Server name
- `hostname` (String) Server name
- `log_group_name` (String) Log Group Name
- `port` (Number) Port
- `primary_key` (String, Sensitive) Primary Key
- `project_id` (String) Project Id for Google Cloud Logging
- `region` (String) Region
- `role_arn` (String) Role Arn
- `sub_domain` (String) Sub Domain
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token
- `workspace_id` (String) Workspace ID

## Setup tests

The `run_setup_tests` field doesn't have upstream value, it only defines local resource behavoir. This means that when you update only the `run_setup_tests` value (from `false` to `true`, for example) it won't cause any upstream actions. The value will be just saved in terraform state and then used on effective field updates.

The default value is `false` - this means that no setup tests will be performed during create/update. To perform setup tests, you should set value to `true`.

## Import

1. To import an existing `fivetran_external_logging` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **External Logging Group ID** on the external logging page in your Fivetran dashboard.

2. To retrieve existing destinations, use the [fivetran_destinations data source](/docs/data-sources/destinations).

3. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:

```hcl
resource "fivetran_external_logging" "my_imported_external_logging" {

}
```

4. Run the `terraform import` command with the following parameters:

```
terraform import fivetran_external_logging.my_imported_external_logging {your External Logging Group ID}
```

5. Use the `terraform state show` command to get the values from the state:

```
terraform state show 'fivetran_external_logging.my_imported_external_logging'
```

6. Copy the values and paste them to your `.tf` configuration.

-> The `config` object in the state contains all properties defined in the schema. You need to remove properties from the `config` that are not related to destinations. See the [Fivetran REST API documentation](https://fivetran.com/docs/rest-api/log-service-management#logservicesetupconfigurations) for reference to find the properties you need to keep in the `config` section.