---
page_title: "Resource: fivetran_private_link"
---

# Resource: fivetran_private_link

This resource allows you to create, update, and delete private links.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "fivetran_private_link" "test_pl" {
    provider = fivetran-provider

    name = "name"
    region = "region"
    service = "service"

    config {
        connection_service_name = "connection_service_name"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_map` (Map of String) Configuration.

#### Possible values
- `connection_service_name` (String): The name of your connection service.
- `account_url` (String): The URL of your account.
- `vpce_id` (String): The ID of your Virtual Private Cloud Endpoint.
- `aws_account_id` (String): The ID of your AWS account.
- `cluster_identifier` (String): The cluster identifier.
- `connection_service_id` (String): The ID of your connection service.
- `workspace_url` (String): The URL of your workspace.
- `pls_id` (String): The ID of your Azure Private Link service.
- `sub_resource_name` (String): The name of subresource.
- `private_dns_regions` (String): Private DNS Regions.
- `private_connection_service_id` (String): The ID of your connection service.
- `name` (String) The private link name within the account. The name must start with a letter or underscore and can only contain letters, numbers, or underscores. Maximum size of name is 23 characters.
- `region` (String) Data processing location. This is where Fivetran will operate and run computation on data.
- `service` (String) Service type.

### Read-Only

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider name.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time the membership was created.
- `created_by` (String) The unique identifier for the User within the Fivetran system.
- `host` (String) The private link host.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the private link within the Fivetran system.
- `state` (String) The state of the private link.
- `state_summary` (String) The state of the private link.
