---
page_title: "Resource: fivetran_transformation_project"
---

# Resource: fivetran_transformation_project

Resource is in ALPHA state.

This resource allows you to add, manage and delete transformation projects in your account. 

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "fivetran_transformation_project" "project" {
    provider = fivetran-provider
    group_id = "group_id"
    type = "DBT_GIT"
    run_tests = true

    project_config {
        git_remote_url = "git_remote_url"
        git_branch = "git_branch"
        folder_path = "folder_path"
        dbt_version = "dbt_version"
        default_schema = "default_schema"
        threads = 0
        target_name = "target_name"
        environment_vars = ["environment_var"]
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier for the group within the Fivetran system.
- `type` (String) Transformation project type.

### Optional

- `project_config` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project_config))
- `run_tests` (Boolean) Specifies whether the setup tests should be run automatically. The default value is TRUE.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of the transformation Project creation.
- `created_by_id` (String) The unique identifier for the User within the Fivetran system who created the dbt Project.
- `errors` (Set of String) List of environment variables defined as key-value pairs in the raw string format using = as a separator. The variable name should have the DBT_ prefix and can contain A-Z, 0-9, dash, underscore, or dot characters. Example: "DBT_VARIABLE=variable_value"
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the transformation Project within the Fivetran system.
- `status` (String) Status of transformation Project (NOT_READY, READY, ERROR).

<a id="nestedblock--project_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_config`

Optional:

- `dbt_version` (String) The version of transformation that should run the project
- `default_schema` (String) Default schema in destination. This production schema will contain your transformed data.
- `environment_vars` (Set of String) List of environment variables defined as key-value pairs in the raw string format using = as a separator. The variable name should have the DBT_ prefix and can contain A-Z, 0-9, dash, underscore, or dot characters. Example: "DBT_VARIABLE=variable_value"
- `folder_path` (String) Folder in Git repo with your transformation project
- `git_branch` (String) Git branch
- `git_remote_url` (String) Git remote URL with your transformation project
- `target_name` (String) Target name to set or override the value from the deployment.yaml
- `threads` (Number) The number of threads transformation will use (from 1 to 32). Make sure this value is compatible with your destination type. For example, Snowflake supports only 8 concurrent queries on an X-Small warehouse.

Read-Only:

- `public_key` (String) Public key to grant Fivetran SSH access to git repository.

## Import

1. To import an existing `fivetran_transformation_project` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **Transformation Project ID** via API call `GET https://api.fivetran.com/v1/transformation-projects` to retrieve available projects.
2. Fetch project details for particular `project-id` using `GET https://api.fivetran.com/v1/transformation-projects/{project-id}` to ensure that this is the project you want to import.
3. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:

```hcl
resource "fivetran_transformation_project" "my_imported_fivetran_transformation_project" {

}
```

4. Run the `terraform import` command:

```
terraform import fivetran_transformation_project.my_imported_fivetran_transformation_project {Transformation Project ID}
```

4. Use the `terraform state show` command to get the values from the state:

```
terraform state show 'fivetran_transformation_project.my_imported_fivetran_transformation_project'
```

5. Copy the values and paste them to your `.tf` configuration.