---
page_title: "Resource: fivetran_user"
---

# Resource: fivetran_user

-This resource allows you to create, update, and delete users.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "fivetran_user" "user" {
    email = "user@email.address.com"
    given_name = "John"
    family_name = "Doe"
    phone = "+353 00 0000 0000"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The email address that the user has associated with their user profile.
- `family_name` (String) The last name of the user.
- `given_name` (String) The first name of the user.

### Optional

- `invited` (Boolean) The field indicates whether the user has been invited to your account.
- `phone` (String) The phone number of the user.
- `picture` (String) The user's avatar as a URL link (for example, 'http://mycompany.com/avatars/john_white.png') or base64 data URI (for example, 'data:image/png;base64,aHR0cDovL215Y29tcGFueS5jb20vYXZhdGFycy9qb2huX3doaXRlLnBuZw==')
- `role` (String) The role that you would like to assign to the user.
- `verified` (Boolean) The field indicates whether the user has verified their email address in the account creation process.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp that the user created their Fivetran account.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the user within the Fivetran system.
- `logged_in_at` (String) The last time that the user has logged into their Fivetran account.

## Import

1. To import an existing `fivetran_user` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get `user_id`. 
You can retrieve all users using the [fivetran_users data source](/docs/data-sources/users).

2. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:

```hcl
resource "fivetran_user" "my_imported_fivetran_user" {

}
```

3. Run the `terraform import` command:

```
terraform import fivetran_user.my_imported_fivetran_user {user_id}
```

4. Use the `terraform state show` command to get the values from the state:

```
terraform state show 'fivetran_user.my_imported_fivetran_user'
```
5. Copy the values and paste them to your `.tf` configuration.